=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Bot::Cobalt::Plugin::Figlet - Bot::Cobalt plugin for displaying figlets

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   ## In plugins.conf
   Figlet:
      Module: Bot::Cobalt::Plugin::Figlet
      Opts:
         fontdir: var/fonts # default: /usr/games/lib/figlet
         maxwidth: 160      # default: -1 (no maxwidth)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A L<Bot::Cobalt> plugin.

This plugin provides commands to turn text into figlets and broadcast
them in the channel.

It has two commands:

=over 4

=item !figlet Hello, world!

This command text a message, randomly chooses a figlet from the font directory
and uses it to 'figify' the message via L<Text::FIGlet>.

=item !prev_figlet

Broadcasts the name of the previous figlet used.

=back

=head1 TROUBLESHOOTING

As of L<Bot::Cobalt> 0.016002 there is a problem with L<Bot::Cobalt::IRC> and 
it's use of L<POE::Component::IRC::State>. Since figlets are multiple lines of
text the flood check limits the figlet's broadcast pretty significantly, to 
the point of unusability.  

A workaround is to modify L<Bot::Cobalt::IRC> to turn pass in flood => 1 to 
the spawning of L<POE::Component::IRC::State>:

At around line 213 of L<Bot::Cobalt::IRC> simply change:

   my %spawn_opts = (
      resolver => core->resolver,
   +  flood    => 1,

Thanks to Jon Portnoy <avenj@cobaltirc.org> for tracking this down.

=head1 AUTHOR

Scott Miller <scott.j.miller@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Scott Miller.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

